# Documentation
- Class name: LegacyLoopedUniformContextOptionsNode
- Category: Context
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/Kosinkadink/ComfyUI-AnimateDiff-Evolved.git

The objective of LegacyLoopedUniformContextOptionsNode is to facilitate the creation of context options for a uniform cycle model. It gives an abstract view of the complexity of setting context parameters and allows the context to be managed in a simplified way in the system. This node emphasizes usability and the ability to generate consistent context configurations.

# Input types
## Required
- context_length
    - The context_legth parameter defines the length of the context window, which is essential for determining the range of data being processed. It plays an important role in the implementation of nodes by influencing the particle size of the context.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- context_stride
    - The context_stride parameter determines the length of the continuum between context windows, which is essential for controlling overlap and distribution in context. It affects how nodes deal with data in the context and in the context of organization.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- context_overlap
    - Context_overlap parameters specify the amount of overlap between adjacent contextual windows, which is important to ensure continuity and reduce gaps in data coverage. It is a key factor in the ability of nodes to maintain data integrity across context.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- context_schedule
    - The context_schedule parameter outlines the timetable for handling the context, which is essential for determining the sequence and timing of the context operations. It is part of the ability of nodes to effectively coordinate the context workflow.
    - Comfy dtype: ContextSchedules.LEGACY_UNIFORM_SCHEDULE_LIST
    - Python dtype: ContextSchedules
- closed_loop
    - The closed_loop parameter indicates whether the context treatment should run in a closed loop, which is important for establishing a circular model in the context treatment. It affects the way node management repeats the context task.
    - Comfy dtype: BOOLEAN
    - Python dtype: bool
## Optional
- fuse_method
    - The fuse_method parameter determines how to integrate the context, which may be important to optimize the performance of nodes when dealing with multiple contexts. It provides flexibility on how to combine the context in node operations.
    - Comfy dtype: ContextFuseMethod.LIST
    - Python dtype: ContextFuseMethod
- use_on_equal_length
    - The use_on_equal_length parameters specify whether specific actions should be taken when the length of the context is equal to influence the decision-making process in the management of the node in the context.
    - Comfy dtype: BOOLEAN
    - Python dtype: bool
- start_percent
    - Start_percent parameters set the percentage that the context treatment should start, which can affect the starting point of the context of the data concentration.
    - Comfy dtype: FLOAT
    - Python dtype: float
- guarantee_steps
    - The guarante_steps parameters ensure that at least a certain number of steps are taken in the context treatment, which is essential to maintaining the reliability of nodes in providing consistent results.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- prev_context
    - Prev_content parameters allow for the integration of previous context options into the current operation so that nodes can be constructed based on existing context configurations.
    - Comfy dtype: CONTEXT_OPTIONS
    - Python dtype: ContextOptionsGroup
- view_opts
    - The view_opts parameters provide options for viewing the context, which may be important for presenting and analysing contextual data in node operations.
    - Comfy dtype: VIEW_OPTS
    - Python dtype: ContextOptions

# Output types
- CONTEXT_OPTS
    - The CONTEXT_OPTS output represents the configuration context options generated by nodes and contains parameters and settings that will guide the treatment of subsequent context.
    - Comfy dtype: CONTEXT_OPTIONS
    - Python dtype: ContextOptions

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class LegacyLoopedUniformContextOptionsNode:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'context_length': ('INT', {'default': 16, 'min': 1, 'max': LENGTH_MAX}), 'context_stride': ('INT', {'default': 1, 'min': 1, 'max': STRIDE_MAX}), 'context_overlap': ('INT', {'default': 4, 'min': 0, 'max': OVERLAP_MAX}), 'context_schedule': (ContextSchedules.LEGACY_UNIFORM_SCHEDULE_LIST,), 'closed_loop': ('BOOLEAN', {'default': False})}, 'optional': {'fuse_method': (ContextFuseMethod.LIST, {'default': ContextFuseMethod.FLAT}), 'use_on_equal_length': ('BOOLEAN', {'default': False}), 'start_percent': ('FLOAT', {'default': 0.0, 'min': 0.0, 'max': 1.0, 'step': 0.001}), 'guarantee_steps': ('INT', {'default': 1, 'min': 0, 'max': BIGMAX}), 'prev_context': ('CONTEXT_OPTIONS',), 'view_opts': ('VIEW_OPTS',)}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('CONTEXT_OPTIONS',)
    RETURN_NAMES = ('CONTEXT_OPTS',)
    CATEGORY = ''
    FUNCTION = 'create_options'

    def create_options(self, fuse_method: str=ContextFuseMethod.FLAT, context_schedule: str=None, **kwargs):
        return LoopedUniformContextOptionsNode.create_options(self, fuse_method=fuse_method, **kwargs)
```