# Documentation
- Class name: FreeInitOptionsNode
- Category: Animate Diff 🎭🅐🅓/iteration opts
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/Kosinkadink/ComfyUI-AnimateDiff-Evolved.git

FreeInitoptionsNode aims to facilitate the creation of iterative options for the animation process, focusing on optimizing the initialization phase with customized filters and parameters to improve the quality and characteristics of the animation.

# Input types
## Required
- iterations
    - The number of turns is critical to determining the extent of the animation process. It determines how many times the process will be repeated, affecting the overall outcome and level of detail of the animation.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- filter
    - Filter parameters are essential for the application of specific types of noise to animation, which can significantly influence the style results of animation and the smoothness of the transition between frames.
    - Comfy dtype: FreeInitFilter.LIST
    - Python dtype: Union[str, comfy.sample.FreeInitFilter]
- d_s
    - d_s parameters play a key role in controlling the spatial frequency of noise applied to animation, which can influence the texture and detail of the final output.
    - Comfy dtype: FLOAT
    - Python dtype: float
- d_t
    - d_t parameters are important for adjusting the time frequency of noise, which affects the change of noise over time and the contribution to animation dynamics.
    - Comfy dtype: FLOAT
    - Python dtype: float
- n_butterworth
    - n_butterworth parameters are important for defining the number of Bartworth filters to be used, which can fine-tune the quality of noise and its effect on animated clarity.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- sigma_step
    - The sigma_step parameter is essential for determining the steps to apply the sigma value, which can influence the intensity and progress of noise throughout the animation.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- apply_to_1st_iter
    - Apply_to_1st_iter is important for deciding whether to apply the initial setting to the first rotation. This affects the starting point of the animation and its initial appearance.
    - Comfy dtype: BOOLEAN
    - Python dtype: bool
- init_type
    - The init_type parameter determines the initialization method used for animations, which can significantly alter the initial properties of animations and the behaviour of the entire animation process.
    - Comfy dtype: FreeInitOptions.LIST
    - Python dtype: str
## Optional
- iter_batch_offset
    - Although optional, its_batch_offset parameters can be used to adjust batch deviations over time, which helps to manage the sequence of animation frames and their processing.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- iter_seed_offset
    - Iter_seed_offset parameters are also optional, allowing for the adjustment of the displacement of an iterative seed, which can introduce changes in the animation sequence and influence the randomness of the output.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int

# Output types
- iteration_options
    - The iterative option generated by this node is essential to guide the next steps in the animation process, setting the basis for frame generation and optimization.
    - Comfy dtype: ITERATION_OPTS
    - Python dtype: FreeInitOptions

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class FreeInitOptionsNode:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'iterations': ('INT', {'default': 2, 'min': 1}), 'filter': (FreeInitFilter.LIST,), 'd_s': ('FLOAT', {'default': 0.25, 'min': 0.0, 'max': 1.0, 'step': 0.001}), 'd_t': ('FLOAT', {'default': 0.25, 'min': 0.0, 'max': 1.0, 'step': 0.001}), 'n_butterworth': ('INT', {'default': 4, 'min': 1, 'max': 100}), 'sigma_step': ('INT', {'default': 999, 'min': 1, 'max': 999}), 'apply_to_1st_iter': ('BOOLEAN', {'default': False}), 'init_type': (FreeInitOptions.LIST,)}, 'optional': {'iter_batch_offset': ('INT', {'default': 0, 'min': 0, 'max': BIGMAX}), 'iter_seed_offset': ('INT', {'default': 1, 'min': BIGMIN, 'max': BIGMAX})}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('ITERATION_OPTS',)
    CATEGORY = 'Animate Diff 🎭🅐🅓/iteration opts'
    FUNCTION = 'create_iter_opts'

    def create_iter_opts(self, iterations: int, filter: str, d_s: float, d_t: float, n_butterworth: int, sigma_step: int, apply_to_1st_iter: bool, init_type: str, iter_batch_offset: int=0, iter_seed_offset: int=1):
        iter_opts = FreeInitOptions(iterations=iterations, step=sigma_step, apply_to_1st_iter=apply_to_1st_iter, filter=filter, d_s=d_s, d_t=d_t, n=n_butterworth, init_type=init_type, iter_batch_offset=iter_batch_offset, iter_seed_offset=iter_seed_offset)
        return (iter_opts,)
```