# Documentation
- Class name: BasicPipeToDetailerPipeSDXL
- Category: ImpactPack/Pipe
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/ltdrdata/ComfyUI-Impact-Pack.git

The BasicPipeToDetailer PipeSDXL node is designed to transform the basic pipeline structure into a more detailed form suitable for advanced processing. It enhances the capacity of the pipeline in tasks such as partitioning and fine-tuning by integrating various components, such as bbox_detector, LoRA and Wildcard selections.

# Input types
## Required
- base_basic_pipe
    - The base_basic_pipe parameter is necessary because it provides the basic pipeline structure necessary for node operations. This is a key input that directly affects the ability of nodes to process and convert data.
    - Comfy dtype: BASIC_PIPE
    - Python dtype: Tuple[Any, ...]
- refiner_basic_pipe
    - The refinder_basic_pipe parameter is used to fine-tune the base pipe and to provide an additional processing capability layer. It is a key component to improve the details and accuracy of the pipe output.
    - Comfy dtype: BASIC_PIPE
    - Python dtype: Tuple[Any, ...]
- bbox_detector
    - The role of bbox_detector is a key component in identifying and locating areas of interest in the data. Its role is essential to enable nodes to perform spatial analysis and object detection missions.
    - Comfy dtype: BBOX_DETECTOR
    - Python dtype: Any
- wildcard
    - The wildcard parameter allows dynamic input patterns, increasing the flexibility of nodes. It is important to adapt to the various data formats and processing needs.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str
## Optional
- sam_model_opt
    - Optional sam_model_opt parameters can be used to specify models for semantic notes, increasing the depth of node analysis capability.
    - Comfy dtype: SAM_MODEL
    - Python dtype: Optional[Any]
- segm_detector_opt
    - The segm_detector_opt parameters provided allow for split tasks and allow for more detailed analysis of the data.
    - Comfy dtype: SEGM_DETECTOR
    - Python dtype: Optional[Any]
- detailer_hook
    - The detailer_hook parameter is an optional feature that allows custom nodes to be processed to meet specific usages or needs.
    - Comfy dtype: DETAILER_HOOK
    - Python dtype: Optional[Any]

# Output types
- detailer_pipe
    - The detailer_pipe output is a fine-tuned and detailed pipeline structure generated by nodes. It is important because it provides the basis for further advanced processing and analysis.
    - Comfy dtype: DETAILER_PIPE
    - Python dtype: Tuple[Any, ...]

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class BasicPipeToDetailerPipeSDXL:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'base_basic_pipe': ('BASIC_PIPE',), 'refiner_basic_pipe': ('BASIC_PIPE',), 'bbox_detector': ('BBOX_DETECTOR',), 'wildcard': ('STRING', {'multiline': True, 'dynamicPrompts': False}), 'Select to add LoRA': (['Select the LoRA to add to the text'] + folder_paths.get_filename_list('loras'),), 'Select to add Wildcard': (['Select the Wildcard to add to the text'],)}, 'optional': {'sam_model_opt': ('SAM_MODEL',), 'segm_detector_opt': ('SEGM_DETECTOR',), 'detailer_hook': ('DETAILER_HOOK',)}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('DETAILER_PIPE',)
    RETURN_NAMES = ('detailer_pipe',)
    FUNCTION = 'doit'
    CATEGORY = 'ImpactPack/Pipe'

    def doit(self, *args, **kwargs):
        base_basic_pipe = kwargs['base_basic_pipe']
        refiner_basic_pipe = kwargs['refiner_basic_pipe']
        bbox_detector = kwargs['bbox_detector']
        wildcard = kwargs['wildcard']
        sam_model_opt = kwargs.get('sam_model_opt', None)
        segm_detector_opt = kwargs.get('segm_detector_opt', None)
        detailer_hook = kwargs.get('detailer_hook', None)
        (model, clip, vae, positive, negative) = base_basic_pipe
        (refiner_model, refiner_clip, refiner_vae, refiner_positive, refiner_negative) = refiner_basic_pipe
        pipe = (model, clip, vae, positive, negative, wildcard, bbox_detector, segm_detector_opt, sam_model_opt, detailer_hook, refiner_model, refiner_clip, refiner_positive, refiner_negative)
        return (pipe,)
```