# Documentation
- Class name: BatchValueSchedule
- Category: FizzNodes 📅🅕🅝/BatchScheduleNodes
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/FizzleDorf/ComfyUI_FizzNodes

The CatchValueSchedule node is designed to manage and interpolate key frame values within the frame specified. It handles text input for key frames and provides a smooth transition between specified values for each frame until the maximum number of frames is reached. This node is particularly suitable for creating dynamic sequences, in which the exact value of each frame is not predetermined, but is calculated on the basis of the given key frame.

# Input types
## Required
- text
    - The text parameter is a string that defines the animated frame. It is vital because it directly affects the value that will be inserted in the frame sequence. The format should be properly structured to ensure an accurate plugin.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str
- max_frames
    - The max_frames parameter specifies a ceiling for the number of frames to consider the plug value. It is an important parameter because it determines the range of the key frame distribution.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
## Optional
- print_output
    - The print-plug-out parameter is an optional boolean value, set to True, and the print-plug-out result is placed on the control table. This is useful for debugging, so that you can verify the output of the plug-in value.
    - Comfy dtype: BOOLEAN
    - Python dtype: bool

# Output types
- interpolated_values
    - An interpolated_values output provides a value for each frame based on the key frame and plug-in method. This output is important because it represents the final value series generated by nodes.
    - Comfy dtype: FLOAT
    - Python dtype: List[float]
- frame_numbers
    - The frame_numbers output is a list of frames corresponding to the added value. It is useful for mapping the values generated back to their respective frames for further processing or analysis.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: List[int]

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class BatchValueSchedule:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'text': ('STRING', {'multiline': True, 'default': defaultValue}), 'max_frames': ('INT', {'default': 120.0, 'min': 1.0, 'max': 999999.0, 'step': 1.0}), 'print_output': ('BOOLEAN', {'default': False})}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('FLOAT', 'INT')
    FUNCTION = 'animate'
    CATEGORY = 'FizzNodes 📅🅕🅝/BatchScheduleNodes'

    def animate(self, text, max_frames, print_output):
        t = batch_get_inbetweens(batch_parse_key_frames(text, max_frames), max_frames)
        if print_output is True:
            print('ValueSchedule: ', t)
        return (t, list(map(int, t)))
```