# Documentation
- Class name: CircularVAEDecode
- Category: latent
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/spinagon/ComfyUI-seamless-tiling

The CircurarVAEDecode node is designed to perform the decoding process of the VAE decoder and is capable of applying loop filling to the volume layer to enhance the levelling of images generated. The node is designed to improve the consistency and visual quality of decoupling images by considering the spatial periodicity of entering data.

# Input types
## Required
- samples
    - The “samples” parameter is essential because it provides a potential indication of the node used to reconstruct the image. It is a key input that directly influences the output of the node and determines the quality and characteristics of the image generated.
    - Comfy dtype: LATENT
    - Python dtype: Tensor
- vae
    - The "vae" parameter represents the pre-trained VAE model, which is used by nodes to perform the decoding process. It is an essential component of node operations, as the model's structure and training directly influences the ability of nodes to generate high-quality images.
    - Comfy dtype: VAE
    - Python dtype: torch.nn.Module
- tiling
    - The 'tiling' parameter controls the application of the volume cycle fill in the VAE model, which can significantly influence the tiling properties that generate the image. It allows customizing nodes according to the desired characteristics of the output image.
    - Comfy dtype: COMBO
    - Python dtype: str

# Output types
- IMAGE
    - The output of the CircurarVAEDecode node is an image generated by a potential expression provided by decoding. This image is a direct result of the node operation and reflects the validity of the VAE model and selected flatten parameters in the re-engineering of the image.
    - Comfy dtype: IMAGE
    - Python dtype: Tensor

# Usage tips
- Infra type: GPU

# Source code
```
class CircularVAEDecode:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'samples': ('LATENT',), 'vae': ('VAE',), 'tiling': (['enable', 'x_only', 'y_only', 'disable'],)}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('IMAGE',)
    FUNCTION = 'decode'
    CATEGORY = 'latent'

    def decode(self, samples, vae, tiling):
        vae_copy = copy.deepcopy(vae)
        if tiling == 'enable':
            make_circular_asymm(vae_copy.first_stage_model, True, True)
        elif tiling == 'x_only':
            make_circular_asymm(vae_copy.first_stage_model, True, False)
        elif tiling == 'y_only':
            make_circular_asymm(vae_copy.first_stage_model, False, True)
        else:
            make_circular_asymm(vae_copy.first_stage_model, False, False)
        result = (vae_copy.decode(samples['samples']),)
        return result
```