# Documentation
- Class name: CLIPTextEncode
- Category: conditioning
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/comfyanonymous/ComfyUI

The CLIPTextEncode node is designed to use the CLIP model to process text input to generate a condition vector. It converts text into a format that can be used for further processing, for example in the production of a model. The node plays a key role in bridging the semantic gap between text and other models by creating a condition vector containing text messages.

# Input types
## Required
- text
    - The 'text'parameter is essential to the operation of the node, as it is the original text data processed by the node. It is expected to be a string that may contain multiple line input and support dynamic hints, which can significantly influence the encoding process and the conditions vector generated.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str
- clip
    - The 'clip'parameter represents the CLIP model for text encoding. It is a key component because the quality and specificity of the CLIP model directly influences the ability of the node to accurately encode text information as a condition vector.
    - Comfy dtype: CLIP
    - Python dtype: CLIPModel

# Output types
- CONDITIONING
    - Output 'conditioning' is the key element generated by the node. It is a condition vector derived from the input text that can be used to guide or condition the follow-up process, such as image generation or other condition models.
    - Comfy dtype: CONDITIONING
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor

# Usage tips
- Infra type: GPU

# Source code
```
class CLIPTextEncode:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'text': ('STRING', {'multiline': True, 'dynamicPrompts': True}), 'clip': ('CLIP',)}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('CONDITIONING',)
    FUNCTION = 'encode'
    CATEGORY = 'conditioning'

    def encode(self, clip, text):
        tokens = clip.tokenize(text)
        (cond, pooled) = clip.encode_from_tokens(tokens, return_pooled=True)
        return ([[cond, {'pooled_output': pooled}]],)
```