# Documentation
- Class name: CR_MakeBatchFromImageList
- Category: Comfyroll/List/Utils
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/RockOfFire/ComfyUI_Comfyroll_CustomNodes

The CR_MakeBatchFromImageList node is designed to receive a series of images and combine them efficiently into a batch volume. This process streamlines the processing of image data, making the image processing workflow more efficient. The function of the node plays a key role in optimizing the conversion from individual image files to formats suitable for batch operations, thus enhancing the overall performance and efficiency of the image processing process.

# Input types
## Required
- image_list
    - The Image_list parameter is the key input for the node, representing the collection of image data to be processed in batches. This parameter directly affects the operation of the node by determining the content and structure of the output batch volume. Image_list is essential for the node to perform its intended function of creating an image batch for further processing.
    - Comfy dtype: IMAGE
    - Python dtype: List[torch.Tensor]

# Output types
- image_batch
    - The image_batch output is the connecting volume of the series of images generated by nodes. It is the direct result of node operations and is important for subsequent image-processing tasks requiring bulk data. This output allows the image-processing process to continue seamlessly in the required batch format.
    - Comfy dtype: IMAGE
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor
- show_help
    - Show_help output provides a URL link to the document for further help. It is a useful resource that users may need additional guidance on how to use nodes or understand their functionality. This output is particularly useful for new users or when solving problems associated with node operations.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class CR_MakeBatchFromImageList:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'image_list': ('IMAGE',)}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('IMAGE', 'STRING')
    RETURN_NAMES = ('image_batch', 'show_help')
    INPUT_IS_LIST = True
    FUNCTION = 'make_batch'
    CATEGORY = icons.get('Comfyroll/List/Utils')

    def make_batch(self, image_list):
        show_help = 'https://github.com/Suzie1/ComfyUI_Comfyroll_CustomNodes/wiki/List-Nodes#cr-binary-to-list'
        if len(image_list) <= 1:
            return (image_list,)
        batched_images = torch.cat(image_list, dim=0)
        return (batched_images, show_help)
```