# Documentation
- Class name: CR_IntegerRangeList
- Category: Comfyroll/List
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/RockOfFire/ComfyUI_Comfyroll_CustomNodes

The CR_IntegerRangeList node is designed to generate an integer list within a specified range, with self-defined starting, ending and step-long parameters. It also adapts to Ping-Pong behavior and reverses the range in turns to obtain a more diversified output. This node plays a key role in a scenario that requires further processing or overlap of serial whole values.

# Input types
## Required
- start
    - The `start' parameter defines the beginning of the integer range. It is vital because it determines the starting point of the number series generated by nodes and affects the overall output sequence.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- end
    - The `end' parameter specifies the end of the integer range. It is critical because it determines the last number in the generation sequence, thus affecting the length and range of the range.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- step
    - The'step' parameter sets the increment between each integer in the range. It is important because it controls the spacing between numbers and affects the density of the generation sequence.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- loops
    - The `loops' parameter determines the number of times the range will be repeated or repeated. It is important because it affects the total number of numbers generated by nodes.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- ping_pong
    - The `ping_pong' parameter introduces a staggered pattern, which reverses the range at every rotation. It is important because it can introduce variability in the sequence, which may be necessary for some applications.
    - Comfy dtype: BOOLEAN
    - Python dtype: bool

# Output types
- INT
    - The `INT' output provides a list of integer values generated within the specified range based on input parameters. It is important because it represents the main output of the node and is prepared for further use or analysis.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: List[int]
- show_help
    - The'show_help' output provides a URL link for more helpful documents. This is useful for users seeking additional information or guidance on how to use nodes effectively.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class CR_IntegerRangeList:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'start': ('INT', {'default': 0, 'min': -99999, 'max': 99999}), 'end': ('INT', {'default': 0, 'min': -99999, 'max': 99999}), 'step': ('INT', {'default': 1, 'min': 1, 'max': 99999}), 'loops': ('INT', {'default': 1, 'min': 1, 'max': 999}), 'ping_pong': ('BOOLEAN', {'default': False})}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('INT', 'STRING')
    RETURN_NAMES = ('INT', 'show_help')
    OUTPUT_IS_LIST = (True, False)
    FUNCTION = 'make_range'
    CATEGORY = icons.get('Comfyroll/List')

    def make_range(self, start, end, step, loops, ping_pong):
        show_help = 'https://github.com/Suzie1/ComfyUI_Comfyroll_CustomNodes/wiki/List-Nodes#cr-list-schedule'
        range_values = list()
        for i in range(loops):
            current_range = list(range(start, end, step))
            if ping_pong:
                if i % 2 == 1:
                    range_values += reversed(current_range)
                else:
                    range_values += current_range
            else:
                range_values += current_range
        return (range_values, show_help)
```