# Documentation
- Class name: CR_RandomMultilineColors
- Category: Comfyroll/Utils/Random
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/RockOfFire/ComfyUI_Comfyroll_CustomNodes

The CR_RandomMultilineColors node is designed to generate a multi-line string with random colour codes. Its purpose is to provide a diverse set of colour codes that can be used in various applications, such as design, visualization or any scene that requires random colour palettes. The function of the node is to create colour codes in different formats based on the specified value type, making them multifunctional and adaptable to meet different needs.

# Input types
## Required
- seed
    - Seed parameters are essential to ensure that the random colour generation process is replicable. By setting the torrent, users can get the same set of random colours in different operations, which is particularly useful when testing or requiring consistent results.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- value_type
    - The value_type parameter determines the format of the colour code generated by the node. It allows users to specify whether they want colours in hexadecimal format, RGB format, or in the color concentration of the magpoltlib xkcd colours. This flexibility caters to a wide range of usages and preferences.
    - Comfy dtype: COMBO['rgb', 'hex color', 'matplotlib xkcd']
    - Python dtype: str
- rows
    - The rows parameters determine the number of colour code lines that the node will generate. This allows the user to control the number of colour codes generated, which can be adjusted to the specific requirements of the application or project.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int

# Output types
- multiline_text
    - Multiline_text output contains the generated random colour code string. Each line represents a separate colour code formatted by the value_type parameter. This output is important because it is the main result of node operations and provides the user with the required random colour palette.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str
- show_help
    - Show_help output provides a URL link to the node document page. This is particularly useful for users who need additional information or guidance, who may need to know how to use the node or explain the result.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class CR_RandomMultilineColors:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(cls):
        types = ['rgb', 'hex color', 'matplotlib xkcd']
        return {'required': {'seed': ('INT', {'default': 0, 'min': 0, 'max': 18446744073709551615}), 'value_type': (types,), 'rows': ('INT', {'default': 5, 'min': 1, 'max': 2048})}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('STRING', 'STRING')
    RETURN_NAMES = ('multiline_text', 'show_help')
    FUNCTION = 'generate'
    CATEGORY = icons.get('Comfyroll/Utils/Random')

    def generate(self, value_type, rows, seed):
        show_help = 'https://github.com/Suzie1/ComfyUI_Comfyroll_CustomNodes/wiki/Other-Nodes#cr-random-multiline-colors'
        random.seed(seed)
        xkcd_colors = mcolors.XKCD_COLORS
        if value_type == 'hex color':
            choice_str = '0123456789ABCDEF'
        if value_type == 'hex color':
            multiline_text = '\n'.join(['#' + ''.join((random.choice(choice_str) for _ in range(6))) for _ in range(rows)])
        elif value_type == 'rgb':
            multiline_text = '\n'.join([f'{random.randint(0, 255)},{random.randint(0, 255)},{random.randint(0, 255)}' for _ in range(rows)])
        elif value_type == 'matplotlib xkcd':
            multiline_text = '\n'.join([random.choice(list(xkcd_colors.keys())).replace('xkcd:', '') for _ in range(rows)])
        else:
            pass
        return (multiline_text, show_help)
```