# Documentation
- Class name: CR_Seed
- Category: Essential/Core
- Output node: True
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/RockOfFire/ComfyUI_Comfyroll_CustomNodes

CR_Seed nodes are designed to initialize and manage the seeds generated by random numbers during calculation. By setting specific seed values, it ensures that the results are reusable, which is essential for testing consistency between debugging and different operations.

# Input types
## Required
- seed
    - The feed parameter is essential for initializing the random number generator. It determines the starting point of the random number generation, thus influencing the repeatability of the result. The torrent value should be a non-negative integer within the specified range.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int

# Output types
- seed
    - The output torrent is the same as the input feed, which indicates the value used to initialize the random number generator. It is important to track and ensure that the process is replicable.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- show_help
    - Show_help output provides a URL link to a document or help page associated with a node. This may be useful for users requiring additional guidance or information on how to use the node effectively.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class CR_Seed:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(cls):
        return {'required': {'seed': ('INT', {'default': 0, 'min': 0, 'max': 18446744073709551615})}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('INT', 'STRING')
    RETURN_NAMES = ('seed', 'show_help')
    FUNCTION = 'seedint'
    OUTPUT_NODE = True
    CATEGORY = icons.get('Comfyroll/Essential/Core')

    @staticmethod
    def seedint(seed):
        show_help = 'https://github.com/Suzie1/ComfyUI_Comfyroll_CustomNodes/wiki/Core-Nodes#cr-seed'
        return (seed, show_help)
```