# Documentation
- Class name: CR_TextScheduler
- Category: Comfyroll/Animation/Schedulers
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/RockOfFire/ComfyUI_Comfyroll_CustomNodes

CR_TextSchedüler is a node for managing and inserting value text tips according to a schedule. It allows users to define default text and timetable formats, so that they can create dynamic tips that change as the project or scenario progresses according to a predefined list of key frames. This node is essential for generating context-sensitive text that can be adapted to the progress of the project or scenario.

# Input types
## Required
- mode
    - Mode parameters determine whether the scheduler runs under the default text mode or under the schedule mode. This selects how the impact node handles the input to generate the output text.
    - Comfy dtype: COMBO['Default Text', 'Schedule']
    - Python dtype: str
- current_frame
    - The current frame parameter specifies the time point or the current point of the animation that needs to generate text tips. For a scheduler, it is essential to determine the correct text based on a list of key frames.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
## Optional
- schedule_alias
    - Schedule alias parameters are used to identify specific schedules in the scheduler. This is particularly important when multiple schedules are managed simultaneously.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str
- default_text
    - The default text parameter sets the initial or backup text that is used when no specific text is scheduled in the current frame.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str
- schedule_format
    - Timetable format parameters determine the structure and syntax of the time schedule data. They are essential for correct interpretation and interpretation of the key frame list.
    - Comfy dtype: COMBO['CR', 'Deforum']
    - Python dtype: str
- schedule
    - The schedule parameters contain a list of key frames that define the time lines to be followed by the scheduler and associated text tips.
    - Comfy dtype: SCHEDULE
    - Python dtype: List[str]

# Output types
- text_out
    - Text_out parameters represent the results of texttips generated by the scheduler according to the current frame and defined schedule.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str
- show_help
    - Show_help parameters provide additional guidance to users by providing a URL link to documents or help pages associated with node operations.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class CR_TextScheduler:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        modes = ['Default Text', 'Schedule']
        return {'required': {'mode': (modes,), 'current_frame': ('INT', {'default': 0.0, 'min': 0.0, 'max': 9999.0, 'step': 1.0}), 'schedule_alias': ('STRING', {'default': '', 'multiline': False}), 'default_text': ('STRING', {'multiline': False, 'default': 'default text'}), 'schedule_format': (['CR', 'Deforum'],)}, 'optional': {'schedule': ('SCHEDULE',)}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('STRING', 'STRING')
    RETURN_NAMES = ('STRING', 'show_help')
    FUNCTION = 'schedule'
    CATEGORY = icons.get('Comfyroll/Animation/Schedulers')

    def schedule(self, mode, current_frame, schedule_alias, default_text, schedule_format, schedule=None):
        show_help = 'https://github.com/Suzie1/ComfyUI_Comfyroll_CustomNodes/wiki/Scheduler-Nodes#cr-text-scheduler'
        if mode == 'Default Text':
            print(f'[Info] CR Text Scheduler: Scheduler {schedule_alias} is disabled')
            text_out = default_text
            return (text_out, show_help)
        params = keyframe_scheduler(schedule, schedule_alias, current_frame)
        if params == '':
            if current_frame == 0:
                print(f'[Warning] CR Text Scheduler. No frame 0 found in schedule. Starting with default value at frame 0')
            text_out = (default_value,)
        else:
            try:
                text_out = params
            except ValueError:
                print(f'[Warning] CR Text Scheduler. Invalid params: {params}')
                return ()
        return (text_out, show_help)
```