# Documentation
- Class name: promptLine
- Category: EasyUse/Prompt
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/yolain/ComfyUI-Easy-Use.git

The node is designed to generate text content based on a given hint and is able to control the starting point and the number of lines generated. It functions by dividing input tips into rows and extracting the specified range, so that users can get a targeted text output.

# Input types
## Required
- prompt
    - A reminder is the basic text that is used to generate the new content. It is used as a context or inspiration source for the generation of the text, without which the node will not produce any output.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str
- start_index
    - This parameter specifies the line from which the node will begin to extract the text. It is essential to determine the specific part of the reminder to be processed and to convert it into an output.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- max_rows
    - This parameter sets the maximum number of rows to be extracted from the hint. It directly affects the amount of content generated by the node, ensuring that the output is neither too short nor too long.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int

# Output types
- STRING
    - Output is the text selected from the input tip, starting with the specified index, which crosses the defined number of lines. It represents the main function of the node and the direct result of its treatment.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class promptLine:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'prompt': ('STRING', {'multiline': True, 'default': 'text'}), 'start_index': ('INT', {'default': 0, 'min': 0, 'max': 9999}), 'max_rows': ('INT', {'default': 1000, 'min': 1, 'max': 9999})}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('STRING',)
    RETURN_NAMES = ('STRING',)
    OUTPUT_IS_LIST = (True,)
    FUNCTION = 'generate_strings'
    CATEGORY = 'EasyUse/Prompt'

    def generate_strings(self, prompt, start_index, max_rows):
        lines = prompt.split('\n')
        start_index = max(0, min(start_index, len(lines) - 1))
        end_index = min(start_index + max_rows, len(lines))
        rows = lines[start_index:end_index]
        return (rows,)
```