# Documentation
- Class name: IPAdapterSaveEmbeds
- Category: ipadapter/embeds
- Output node: True
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/cubiq/ComfyUI_IPAdapter_plus.git

The IPAdapterSaveEmbeds node is designed to store embedding generated by image-processing systems. It is designed to perpetuate these embeddings into disks in a structured manner, so as to facilitate retrieval and further analysis. The node plays a key role in the workflow to ensure that the output of the embedded process is not lost, thus facilitating subsequent tasks, such as model training or feature comparisons.

# Input types
## Required
- embeds
    - The `embeds' parameter is essential for node because it means the embedded data to be saved. It is the core data for node operations, and its proper processing ensures the integrity of the embedded process. This parameter directly affects node implementation, which determines the data to be sustained.
    - Comfy dtype: EMBEDS
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor
## Optional
- filename_prefix
    - The 'filename_prefix' parameter defines the beginning of saving the embedded filename. It is important for organizing and identifying the saved file. This parameter allows the user to classify the embedded file according to the context or type of input data.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str

# Output types
- None
    - This node does not return any value. The main function is to store the embedded value to the file. No return value indicates the completion of the saving operation.
    - Comfy dtype: None
    - Python dtype: NoneType

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class IPAdapterSaveEmbeds:

    def __init__(self):
        self.output_dir = folder_paths.get_output_directory()

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'embeds': ('EMBEDS',), 'filename_prefix': ('STRING', {'default': 'IP_embeds'})}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ()
    FUNCTION = 'save'
    OUTPUT_NODE = True
    CATEGORY = 'ipadapter/embeds'

    def save(self, embeds, filename_prefix):
        (full_output_folder, filename, counter, subfolder, filename_prefix) = folder_paths.get_save_image_path(filename_prefix, self.output_dir)
        file = f'{filename}_{counter:05}.ipadpt'
        file = os.path.join(full_output_folder, file)
        torch.save(embeds, file)
        return (None,)
```