# Documentation
- Class name: KfSinusoidalEntangledZeroOneFromFrequencyx9
- Category: CATEGORY
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/dmarx/ComfyUI-Keyframed

KfSinosoidalEntangledZeroOneFromFrequencyx9 is designed to generate a set of nine sine curves that are entangled in between zeros and zeros. It uses the Keyframed library to create smooth and continuous transformations. The node is designed to provide a multifunctional tool for generating complex wave shapes that can be used in various applications, such as animations, signal processing or any scene that requires sine mode.

# Input types
## Required
- frequency
    - The frequency parameter determines the rate at which the sine curve oscillates. It is a key factor in the overall behaviour of the wave form generated by the node. The change in frequency will have a direct impact on the periodicity and speed of the oscillation.
    - Comfy dtype: float
    - Python dtype: float

# Output types
- KEYFRAMED_CURVE
    - The output of KfSinosoidalEntangled ZeroOneFromFrequencyx9 is a cluster of nine key frame sinexes. Each curve represents a unique oscillation within the entangled wave, as part of an overall complex model. These curves can be further operated or used in downstream processes.
    - Comfy dtype: COMBO[kf.SinusoidalCurve]
    - Python dtype: Tuple[kf.SinusoidalCurve, ...]

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class KfSinusoidalEntangledZeroOneFromFrequencyx9(KfSinusoidalEntangledZeroOneFromFrequency):
    RETURN_TYPES = ('KEYFRAMED_CURVE',) * 9

    def main(self, frequency):
        return super().main(n=9, frequency=frequency)
```