# Documentation
- Class name: LCMScheduler
- Category: sampling/custom_sampling/schedulers
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/jojkaart/ComfyUI-sampler-lcm-alternative

The LCMSscheduler node is designed to generate a series of sigma values for the diffusion model. It calculates sigma values based on homogenous movement by using the specified model, which is essential for controlling the variance in the sampling process. The node abstractes the complexity of the bottom calculation and provides a simple interface for obtaining sigma values suitable for the diffusion process.

# Input types
## Required
- model
    - Model parameters are essential because they represent the diffusion model that the scheduler will use to calculate the sigma values. This is a mandatory input that directly affects the sigma schedule generated, which is essential for the next steps in the proliferation process.
    - Comfy dtype: MODEL
    - Python dtype: torch.nn.Module
- steps
    - The step parameter determines the number of sigma values calculated by the scheduler. Although it is optional, it significantly affects the particle size of the sigma schedule and, in turn, the quality and condensation of the diffuse sampling process.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int

# Output types
- sigmas
    - The sigmas output is a series of sigma values generated by the scheduler, which are essential for spreading the sampling process. Each sigma values corresponds to a particular step in the sample and guides the difference in noise that is added or removed at that step.
    - Comfy dtype: SIGMAS
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class LCMScheduler:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'model': ('MODEL',), 'steps': ('INT', {'default': 8, 'min': 1, 'max': 10000})}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('SIGMAS',)
    CATEGORY = 'sampling/custom_sampling/schedulers'
    FUNCTION = 'get_sigmas'

    def get_sigmas(self, model, steps):
        sigmas = comfy.samplers.calculate_sigmas_scheduler(model.model, 'sgm_uniform', steps).cpu()
        return (sigmas,)
```