# Documentation
- Class name: MotionctrlSVDSampleSimple
- Category: motionctrl
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/chaojie/ComfyUI-MotionCtrl-SVD.git

The MotionctrlSVDSaple node is designed to process and generate motion sequences from input images and camera data. It uses model reasoning to create a series of frames that represent motion and enhances the visual performance of dynamic scenes. The node abstractes the complexity of motion generation and provides users with a high-level interface to explore and visualize motion dynamics.

# Input types
## Required
- model
    - Model parameters are essential for the operation of nodes, as they define the basic movement control mechanisms used to generate motion sequences. Nodes are unable to perform their intended function of creating dynamic visual content without a specified model.
    - Comfy dtype: MOTIONCTRLSVD
    - Python dtype: torch.nn.Module
- camera
    - Camera parameters are essential because they provide camera attitude data for the lens and direction of the camera in the motion sequence generated by simulation. These data affect the authenticity and accuracy of movement expressions.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str
- image
    - The image parameter is the key input of the node as the visual context that generates the motion sequence. It sets the scene and provides the necessary visual clues for the model to create a coherent and contextually relevant motion sequence.
    - Comfy dtype: IMAGE
    - Python dtype: PIL.Image
- resize_mode
    - Adjusting model parameters is important because it determines how the input image adjusts to the requirements of the model. This adjustment ensures that the image is suitable for processing, which is essential for the accurate generation of motion sequences.
    - Comfy dtype: RESIZE_MODE
    - Python dtype: str
- seed
    - Seed parameters are essential for nodes, as they ensure the repeatability of the motion sequence generation process. By setting the seed, users can obtain consistent results in different operations, which is essential for testing and debugging purposes.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- fps_id
    - The fps_id parameter is important because it determines the number of frames per second of the sequence generated. This directly affects the smoothness and fluidity of the sequence generated and has an important effect on the perception of the final video.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- frame_length
    - The frame_legth parameter defines the number of frames to be generated in the motion sequence. It is a key factor in determining the duration and extent of the movement that the node will produce.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int

# Output types
- output
    - Output parameters represent the sequence of movements generated, which is a series of images depicting movements extrapolated from input data. This output is important because it is a direct result of node function and provides a visual indication of motion dynamics.
    - Comfy dtype: IMAGE
    - Python dtype: PIL.Image

# Usage tips
- Infra type: GPU

# Source code
```
class MotionctrlSVDSampleSimple:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(cls):
        return {'required': {'model': ('MOTIONCTRLSVD',), 'camera': ('STRING', {'multiline': True, 'default': '[[1,0,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,1,0.2]]'}), 'image': ('IMAGE',), 'resize_mode': (RESIZE_MODE,), 'seed': ('INT', {'default': 1234}), 'fps_id': ('INT', {'default': 6, 'min': 5, 'max': 30}), 'frame_length': ('INT', {'default': 14})}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('IMAGE',)
    FUNCTION = 'run_inference'
    CATEGORY = 'motionctrl'

    def run_inference(self, model, camera, image, resize_mode, seed, fps_id, frame_length):
        global device
        RT = process_camera(camera, frame_length).reshape(-1, 12)
        image = 255.0 * image[0].cpu().numpy()
        image = Image.fromarray(np.clip(image, 0, 255).astype(np.uint8))
        image = process_input_image(image, resize_mode)
        return motionctrl_sample(model=model, image=image, RT=RT, num_frames=frame_length, fps_id=fps_id, decoding_t=1, seed=seed, sample_num=1, device=device)
```