# Documentation
- Class name: RegionalPrompt
- Category: ImpactPack/Regional
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/ltdrdata/ComfyUI-Impact-Pack.git

The RegionalPrompt node is designed to generate region-specific tips, use a mask to define the area of interest and use an advanced sampler to determine points within the area. It plays a key role in focusing on the specific area of the image and improving the accuracy of subsequent operations.

# Input types
## Required
- mask
    - The mask parameter is essential to define the interest area within the image. As a filter, it separates the particular area that the node will process, significantly influencing the results generated by the regional reminder.
    - Comfy dtype: MASK
    - Python dtype: np.ndarray
- advanced_sampler
    - The advanced sampler parameter is a key component in defining the sampling strategy within the area. It influences how points are selected within the mask, which is essential for the accuracy and representativeness of the regional hint.
    - Comfy dtype: KSAMPLER_ADVANCED
    - Python dtype: KSamplerAdvancedWrapper

# Output types
- REGIONAL_PROMPTS
    - The output of the RegionalPrompt node is a set of area tips custom-made for input masks and samplers. These are important to guide further analysis or processing in specific interest areas.
    - Comfy dtype: REGIONAL_PROMPTS
    - Python dtype: List[REGIONAL_PROMPT]

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class RegionalPrompt:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'mask': ('MASK',), 'advanced_sampler': ('KSAMPLER_ADVANCED',)}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('REGIONAL_PROMPTS',)
    FUNCTION = 'doit'
    CATEGORY = 'ImpactPack/Regional'

    def doit(self, mask, advanced_sampler):
        regional_prompt = core.REGIONAL_PROMPT(mask, advanced_sampler)
        return ([regional_prompt],)
```