# Documentation
- Class name: ScheduleToCond
- Category: promptcontrol
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/asagi4/comfyui-prompt-control.git

The 'apply' method at ScheduleTocond node is designed to process and apply the planned CLIP model. It integrates the reminder plan with the CLIP model to generate a set of conditions that can be used for further processing or as part of the model input. This method plays a key role in controlling the effect of texttips on the output of the CLIP model.

# Input types
## Required
- clip
    - The 'clip' parameter is essential because it represents the CLIP model that will be applied to the alert plan. It is the core component that determines the subsequent condition processing process and the output generated by the node.
    - Comfy dtype: CLIP
    - Python dtype: torch.nn.Module
- prompt_schedule
    - The 'prompt_schedule' parameter defines the timetable for applying the reminder to the CLIP model. It is essential to determine how the text suggests how the model will regulate its behaviour during the processing process.
    - Comfy dtype: PROMPT_SCHEDULE
    - Python dtype: Dict[str, Any]

# Output types
- CONDITIONING
    - The output 'conditioning' represents a set of conditions derived from the reminder program and applied to the CLIP model. It is important because it forms the basis for further operation or downstream task input.
    - Comfy dtype: CONDITIONING
    - Python dtype: List[Tuple[str, Dict[str, Any]]]

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class ScheduleToCond:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'clip': ('CLIP',), 'prompt_schedule': ('PROMPT_SCHEDULE',)}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('CONDITIONING',)
    CATEGORY = 'promptcontrol'
    FUNCTION = 'apply'

    def apply(self, clip, prompt_schedule):
        with Timer('ScheduleToCond'):
            r = (control_to_clip_common(clip, prompt_schedule),)
        return r
```