# Documentation
- Class name: WLSH_String_Append
- Category: WLSH Nodes/text
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/wallish77/wlsh_nodes

The WLSH_String_Append node is designed to connect the string in a specified manner. It allows text to be added before or after the existing string, and it allows for the selection of separator between the two paragraphs. The function of the node is centred on creating a seamless and coherent text output according to the user's needs by intelligent placement and segregating the text.

# Input types
## Required
- addition
    - The 'addition'parameter is the text that you want to attach to the input string. It is a key part of the node operation, as it determines what will be added to the existing text. The multiline properties allow for the addition of longer text segments and enhances the flexibility of the node in dealing with various text scenarios.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str
- placement
    - The 'placement' parameter indicates the position of the text 'adoption' relative to 'input_string'. It is essential to control the order of the text segments in the final output. The node can place the text before or after the input string, providing the user with flexibility to build the text as needed.
    - Comfy dtype: COMBO['after', 'before']
    - Python dtype: Literal['after', 'before']
- separator
    - The " separator " parameter specifies the type of separator between 'input_string' and 'addition'. It plays an important role in defining the readability and structure of the group text. The separator selection can greatly influence the final appearance of the text, allowing customization to be adapted to different contexts.
    - Comfy dtype: COMBO['comma', 'space', 'newline', 'none']
    - Python dtype: Literal['comma', 'space', 'newline', 'none']
## Optional
- input_string
    - The " input_string " parameter is to add the existing text to the text. Although it is optional, it is the basis for node operations. The function of the node is to work in the absence of an initial string, providing the user with the option of adding text to the existing string, or simply creating a new string from the additional item.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: Optional[str]

# Output types
- combined
    - The output parameter 'combined' represents the final connection string generated by the node operation. It contains the result of attaching the text 'addition' to 'input_string' and using the selected'separator' to be separated. This output is important because it is a direct result of the node's main function and provides users with coherent text that they aim to create.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class WLSH_String_Append:
    location = ['after', 'before']
    separator = ['comma', 'space', 'newline', 'none']

    def __init__(self):
        pass

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'addition': ('STRING', {'multiline': True}), 'placement': (s.location,), 'separator': (s.separator,)}, 'optional': {'input_string': ('STRING', {'multiline': True, 'forceInput': True})}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('STRING',)
    RETURN_NAMES = ('combined',)
    FUNCTION = 'concat_string'
    CATEGORY = 'WLSH Nodes/text'

    def concat_string(self, placement, separator, addition='', input_string=''):
        sep = {'comma': ', ', 'space': ' ', 'newline': '\n', 'none': ''}
        if input_string is None:
            return (addition,)
        if placement == 'after':
            new_string = input_string + sep[separator] + addition
        else:
            new_string = addition + sep[separator] + input_string
        return (new_string,)
```