# Documentation
- Class name: SolidMask
- Category: mask
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/comfyanonymous/ComfyUI

The SolidMask node is designed to generate a solid mask with a uniform value in all its dimensions. It is particularly suitable for creating a base mask for further processing or as a starting point for more complex mask operations.

# Input types
## Required
- value
    - The `value'parameter defines the uniform values that will be used to fill the entire mask. It is essential because it determines the basic colour or strength of the mask, which may significantly affect subsequent operations or analyses.
    - Comfy dtype: FLOAT
    - Python dtype: float
- width
    - The `width' parameter specifies the width of the mask in pixels. It is an important parameter because it determines the horizontal resolution of the mask, which may affect how the mask is treated or displayed.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- height
    - The 'height'parameter sets the vertical height of the mask in pixels. It plays a key role in building the vertical resolution of the mask, which is essential for its use in different applications.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int

# Output types
- mask
    - The output'mask'is a volume that represents a solid mask generated by nodes. It contains, in all its dimensions, a uniform value specified by the 'value'parameter as an essential part of a further image processing task.
    - Comfy dtype: MASK
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class SolidMask:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(cls):
        return {'required': {'value': ('FLOAT', {'default': 1.0, 'min': 0.0, 'max': 1.0, 'step': 0.01}), 'width': ('INT', {'default': 512, 'min': 1, 'max': MAX_RESOLUTION, 'step': 1}), 'height': ('INT', {'default': 512, 'min': 1, 'max': MAX_RESOLUTION, 'step': 1})}}
    CATEGORY = 'mask'
    RETURN_TYPES = ('MASK',)
    FUNCTION = 'solid'

    def solid(self, value, width, height):
        out = torch.full((1, height, width), value, dtype=torch.float32, device='cpu')
        return (out,)
```