# Documentation
- Class name: VAEDecodeTiled
- Category: _for_testing
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/comfyanonymous/ComfyUI

The VAEDecodeTiled node is designed to decode potential expressions into images using the VAE model. It does so in a flat format, which is very useful when processing large images or calculating limited resources. The main objective of the node is to provide a method for generating images from potential codes in an efficient and scalable way of RAM.

# Input types
## Required
- samples
    - The'samplse' parameter is essential because it contains the potential expression that the node will decode into the image. It is a necessary input that directly influences the output of the node and determines the characteristics that generate the image.
    - Comfy dtype: LATENT
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor
- vae
    - The 'vae' parameter specifies the variable coder model that will be used to decode potential expressions. This parameter is necessary because it determines the structure and parameters of the model and thus affects the quality and style of decoded images.
    - Comfy dtype: VAE
    - Python dtype: AutoencoderKL
## Optional
- tile_size
    - The 'tile_size' parameter determines how large the image will be divided when decoding. It is an optional input that can be adjusted to the time of memory use and processing in order to be more flexible about the different sizes of the image.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int

# Output types
- output
    - The 'output'parameter represents the decoding image generated by the node. It is the main result of node execution and is significant because it reflects the result of understanding the code process.
    - Comfy dtype: IMAGE
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor

# Usage tips
- Infra type: GPU

# Source code
```
class VAEDecodeTiled:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'samples': ('LATENT',), 'vae': ('VAE',), 'tile_size': ('INT', {'default': 512, 'min': 320, 'max': 4096, 'step': 64})}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('IMAGE',)
    FUNCTION = 'decode'
    CATEGORY = '_for_testing'

    def decode(self, vae, samples, tile_size):
        return (vae.decode_tiled(samples['samples'], tile_x=tile_size // 8, tile_y=tile_size // 8),)
```