# Documentation
- Class name: DuplicateMasks
- Category: Video Helper Suite 🎥🅥🅗🅢/mask
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/Kosinkadink/ComfyUI-VideoHelperSuite.git

The DuplicateMaks node is designed to copy the given mask to the specified number of cases. Its function is to magnify the input mask and create multiple copies that can be used in video processing tasks that require more than one mask.

# Input types
## Required
- mask
    - The mask parameter is the key input for the Duplicate Masks node. It indicates the mask that needs to be copied. The function of the node revolves around the multiple examples of creating the mask, which are essential to the operation of the node and the end result.
    - Comfy dtype: Tensor
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor
## Optional
- multiply_by
    - The multiply_by parameter determines the number of times the input mask should be copied. It is an optional input that directly affects the number of the output mask. The default value is 1. This means that if not specified, the node will generate a single example of the mask.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int

# Output types
- MASK
    - MASK output is a mass containing a copy mask. It is the main output of the Duplicate Masks node, representing the collective outcome of the reproduction process.
    - Comfy dtype: Tensor
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor
- count
    - Count output provides the total number of copy masks generated by nodes. It is an integer number, which indicates the number of masks in MASK output, and provides an understanding of the scale of replications performed.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class DuplicateMasks:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'mask': ('MASK',), 'multiply_by': ('INT', {'default': 1, 'min': 1, 'max': BIGMAX, 'step': 1})}}
    CATEGORY = 'Video Helper Suite 🎥🅥🅗🅢/mask'
    RETURN_TYPES = ('MASK', 'INT')
    RETURN_NAMES = ('MASK', 'count')
    FUNCTION = 'duplicate_input'

    def duplicate_input(self, mask: Tensor, multiply_by: int):
        full_masks = []
        for n in range(0, multiply_by):
            full_masks.append(mask)
        new_mask = torch.cat(full_masks, dim=0)
        return (new_mask, new_mask.size(0))
```